Why what's the occasion
Some talk from my company
Depends if I don't fall asleep in the next hour
Alright lemme know

I'll be at your place at like 6 with good
4 year ago me got this shit figured out 
hahahaha

So much for that
also

if you have time search for The Pineapple Incident

that's the plan or hopefully not for next Friday 
Can I get your Netflix account?

Not right now, but later
yeah

remind me when you need it
Probably tomorrow when I remember that you asked me to check this video out

You can go poke hunting tonight without me. went on a 12 mile bike ride.

Send me a message when you're gaming and I'll join
Lol k. Prolly 9 ish

Yeah I'm done
Lol okay

Anything good?
Nah I spent most of the time camping gyms
Of course

I was waiting to see who'd do this before you guys left the apartment
There goes my daily PoGo farm for the...

tmr
hahahaha

A shit didn't think about that

I was really planning on coming over tonight.then this rain happened.

Give me a heads up of you're still planning on goint
Rain not gonna last

I was actually gonna ask u for grocery booze shopping tonite

But we can do that tmr

In place of the Treasure Hunt
Yeah sure we can get stuff
Or whatever they are calling
Lol good plan

We can go treasure hunting for food
ok
Do you want to come with me and Jon for a movie at 5?
I'll pass. Next week maybe.
Vokay boss
Ffs

Why the fuck why
Why she cut her hair?
Why all of em did
Who is all of them

What did they do

What is happening
face palm

Let me rephrase

Why do girls cut their hair and effectively downgrade themselves from a 8 to a 5?
That I do not know

And I actually have strong feelings against it

But she ain't mine, so I can't do anything.

But you're potential ones both have short hair now
Even if she were yours

Yeah

Fuck shit fuck
If she was mine there would be a very long conversation happening
Obligatory
Well shit Duc, what's happening to your potential love lives. there going down from an 8 to 5

Not argument there

Well I'm quite literally bankrupt after paying off my medical bills, and I still have more Coming

Message me when you're playing CS
Now actually

PoGo l8r More lures
Okay I'll join in like 10 15 mins. reduce the damn TV volume

Oh.

Interesting

New video out by soviet
Damn.I just called Hillside and they said I could move in Monday. If only I could move in tmr we could have had the entire apt for the party

What time do you usually go to work?
Well damn

Why?
Nah scrap that

We could move in after you're done with work

I was thinking if I move in tmr I could ride with you to Waverly, drive back, spend the day move as much stuffs as I can and we can move the rest when I pick you up in the afternoon

But that plan fell thru it seems
Well we can do that, I don't care. why did it fall through?
I can't move in tmr yet

Monday
Oh yeah... duh

Well alright, time to start getting your shit packed up

Did you get the keys and what not?

Also do we want to join A and Bre for the movie at seven
I'm thinking

Considering
Well if not we can go to the later one or Waterloo theatre

Let's do 7 at Waterloo, they have it playing in the dream lounge chairs

Well now that I think of it, we can do the drop me, move stuff and pick me up plan on Monday.

Movie at 7, I'll come at 620
Cool

I'm tidying up the room a bit

if you have 1 in quarters that'd be great
Well you started early

Yeah there's some in the car and I have a box of coins in my room, I'll stop by quick and get it
it's too fucking hot

I took the afternoon off
I'm in the room just casually sitting and not creeping on you.hopefully you don't have a heart attack when you wake up

I think alcohol keeps me up... it's like my caffeine

And for some reason, I have body pains
I woke up at 10, made some pasta so I'd have some food in my stomach, then conked out until now
If you'd still like to start shifting, I can come on my lunch break and move a load to the house and you can drop me off and do the same. And then in the evening, me and Jon can get the van and a trailer to start moving the couch, the bed and tables and all.
I just called them and they wont be ready for me until 2

so I'll get the keys and we can start moving after you get done with work
Alrighty
I need the Reese's address
2318 Greenwood Avenue.

Why?
Nvm

Scrap that i don't need it anymore
Well it's there if you need it, just let me know if you're going to be using it so I can let them know

I'll be home in the next 30 mins. text me when your ready and I'll see when Jon is ready
Can you come to ROTH?

Fuckers gave me a key that doesn't work

Im going back there
Yep

I'll be there in like 25 30 mins
The new key works

117 F street
Be there in 3 mins
So basically just grab anything you can. The tv box is in the supply closet next to the bathroom. The bean bag chair and the computer desk is good to go.
Yes boss
Rdy when u r
Just took my shower... I'll head over soon
Take your time
On my way
Roughly when shld I start driving to pick u up?
I'm going to say like 345 4
It's. So. Fucking. Hot.
Make sure the AC works please
I might just take a nap

Goddamn

All's left at HV are uncategorized shit
And wake up in time, RIGHT?

Wasn't that all that was left even yesterday

Oh your clothes and all were there

I remember I remember

Okay I'm done.I'm not getting anything more done. you might as well start your journey to come pick me up

Please tell me that you're not dead asleep!
Eh

I thought u said 4

So I set the alarm to 4

I'm coming 
I'M. DYING. IN. ALL. THIS. UNPRODUCTIVITY. AND. SLEEPINESS
Im at that roundabout

North entrance
Coming
We have Internet

We had a shitty splitter and cable so we got virtually no signal
hahahaha

Im remembering when you said, this cable looks so good
Well i was right

That's why the tv works

Not the router

We used a shitty black cable for the router
Alright alright

hahahaha

Oh okay
notracist
I thought it was the other way round

Round 1 goes to the white

NotRacisitAsWell
Bad news is we can't change the wifi ssid or password

Doing so requires subscriber info
Why not?
Which i believe is DoR
Oh... I guess that kinda makes sense then

Im still trying to get over black and white and interracial jokes right now
I'm glad we didn't discuss this in public

might get shot
hahahaha
alilracist
I don't think you're wrong there

Or just keep Russel around for a body shield when bullets start flying and then mourn for his loss and then make a joke about how we don't have to keep seeing him and then the other goes, too soon dude, too soon
I'm not so sure abt that

he's alr haunting UNI rn
hahahaha

So there's no getting away from him eh
why do you think we shld graduate asap 

well, to get jobs n shit

but also Russel 
Motivation to get a job is moving away from Russell
very true

did you talk to Jon abt the vacuum and the tv stand?
I talked to him about the TV stand. he said he doesn't know what he's upto in the evening, but if he's free he can come. I showed him a picture and he thinks we can fit that in the car
Ivy?
I'll send a message to Carol about the vacuum

Yep
ok

our afternoon is kinda packed

1. Grab the rest of the stuff from HV and vacuum  clean 2. Drop me off back at Hillside to give A her stuffs. Grab the tv stand4. Walmart
Alright then. I'll get off as soon as possible. Workday is pretty packed as well.I've got 3 meetings for the day left and update report on my current project
yeah I'll leave you to it
Someone fucked up while putting my application in Production so I have to find a way to correct it whatever the fault is

So I'm thinking right now it may be a lil after 4

But we'll see
yup

A said she'll come at 5 530

we'll see
Alrighty
last thing

According to our records, the contract that you signed had the wrong date. Instead of signing a 2017 contract, we had you sign a 2015 contract. The first pages of the contract state that it is a 2016 2017 contract, however the last two page where you signed state that the contract ends May 31 2015.

just got an email from Hillside

goes well with the why are people around me always fuck up theme we're having today
I don't know if I'm laughing cause I find this funny or because no one can do the o e job that they are supposed to do

You're on your own with A, I'm getting off work a lil late, just got a new project and need to sit and discuss

I'll get the vacuum cleaner and come

Bryant has a meeting set up for which I'm attending apparently it at 515 PM So on my way I'll drop off the vacuum and then go there.After that I'll give Jon a call and he'll get the van and come over there and pick up the desk and then drop off at Hillside and then get that there and we can go to Walmart
Cool

So ive gathered all of my stuffs

But i can't get the vacuum cleaner

To work

Also

Apparently they dont want the tv stabd that we have rn

So.

Found it
I got the shower stuff. Where you at
The tvs
Sleep is hitting me like a damn wrecking ball trying to take me down
Yup

Am wandering around campus while waiting for hv office to open
Needless to say, you're playing PGO eh
I'd be a zombie if i am not

There is a guy named Oldguy919 driving a golf carts all around campus taking gyms 

He is, in fact, old

Checked out from HV

Manager's words when I mentioned the missing keys

dont worry honey ya good
Everyone should try to aim to be him

Well that's good news for you

Did she say, who lost the key?
Idk

I turned in my key then so that's prolly why

Goddamn it

Wtf was Kristi doing at ITC

She went He's alive!

Which ofc means you'll be dead soon
Bwahahahahahha. Yeah she did that to me too. I played it cool and talked my way out of getting any work from her
Me too

I swiftly diverted to asking her abt Jorge
hahahaha

I feel like that's the safest option of getting oyt
ahaha

the microwave's MC's 

i know for a fact he didn't buy it

lol he just fb msg'd me

if you have my microwave pls bring it to his new address

worst case scenario we have to look for a different microwave and this one goes to the dumpster 
Or we can hide it in our backyard if he comes looking and he'll be gone and we'll still have it

And I may have found a bed
just the frame or with mattress?
With the mattress
how much?
0
lol

gitit

we prolly need Jon. again tho

damn
Yep

We're outside
My mom wanted to go on a lil vacation when im back

And insists on inviting H

running
And these best mom of the year that just made her son cringe so hard that he might have puked on the inside goes to.
somehow she still believes that H and I can work things out.

I briefly considered telling her I alr had a new gf.
You should tell her that you've moved on from that alphabet and onto the next one

Nope.you don't, you have a potential one
there is no J in the VNese alphabet.
Well whatever sounds like J the h

Use GI
holy shit

GHIJ
Didn't see that coming

Well there goes my theory on skipping letters for you
there is still a K between J and L
You can take mine
nope no thank you

absolute savage
And they say one man can't start a war
I think I should volunteer for at least a few of those...

start work day a lil later...

also Sasha is an RA?
Yep

Bender Hall
she gon die.

esp when it's Bender
Just keep your phone display always on and then keep it in your pocket and do the tour. Prolly can hatch them eggs
lmao 
She gonna find out
Hold on ppl there's a Lapras nearby I gotta catch this brb.
Hell Yeah
I swear if I get a group of all hs kids playing PoGo.

Or I could be like I will take anyone here from Team Valor

we gon conquer this bitch
Both team Red and Yellow walk towards you
Now that I think about it

that could be our latest UNI selling point

in a 10 minute walk you have 4 gyms and 20 pokestops

you cant have that shit at ISU
hahahaha

But will it be a 10 min walk then?
if you dont catch anything in between yeah

otherwise more like 15
We're going to be losing a lot of kids on tours starting this semester

They just wander off cause they find a spearow
potentially

On your right we have McCollum Science Hall, we have a polar bear and two alligators. Yeah yeah yeah can we reach those pokestops from our class?
True that
Sm fcker alr taking our Lang gym 
Well that was fast
So i was walking around when this random faculty guy asked me Do you need help finding anything?

I almost went yeah, this bulbasaur has been on my radar since forver

Then I realized that might not be what he meant by find something
Him Can I help you find something You This Bulbasaur Him Right this way takes you to Bulbasaur's location UNI Feedback The staff and faculty are very kind and helpful, they go out of their way to help the students find what they need to be successful

So I can't find the app. I haven't searched a lot, but since you already have it, just send me the API if you still have it or tell me the name of the file or give me it's location
I'm so glad I didn't sign up for tour today
That boring eh
that hot
Lol
at least yesterday was cloudy and cool
It's going to be hot in Thursday too

Just checked

Friday will be cooler

Also it might rain on Thursday
I have half a mind to make some excuses for tmr
Going out of town?
I have a doctor appointment for color blindness

Totally legit
That's a thing right
It can be if I want it to be 
Idk what I prefer

Tour group that doesn't talk

Or tour group that asks too much my throat's drying up from answering

The latter, obviously
hahahaha

That's my kinda group
One of the dads was poGoing the whole way

Look at all these PokeStops

Then his wife hit him
PoGo dad for the win

hahahaha

Typical
It's too fucking hot tho

This polo does not breath. At all

I might just go home after lunch
Lol. that hot huh

And today is the coolest day of the week
Probably, but with mouth drying up and me trapped ib this Hazmat suit I feel

Its like a desert
hahahaha

Hazmat suit, I'm going to remember that one
Holy shit

There's Pokemon on Netflix?
You didn't know?

We can watch it together if you'd like

I already watched all of it, but I don't mind watching it again

I'll probs be singing the song and everything.become the small kid that I am
fuckin hell

I still have all those Star Trek to watch.
The old ones?
as much as I can, probably
I'll wait patiently
storm's coming

looks like alien invasion from the apt
That's the kind of weather you make some hot chocolate, and sit back and watch TV

At least for me

Storms a brewing

I just remembered, Suicide Squad releases today
Lol

Perfect weather eh
I sware, I love this weather. I'm casually sitting out and enjoying the weather. They have other guests and all of them are talking

ImNotAntiSocial
Yeah well as long as you're not stuck in the rain i think everyone can enjoy thia
Yep

Say what do you think about movie later in the night

I checked the timings

They have late night shows as well
Sure

Im still at the laundry facility
hahahaha
Waited half an hour for some fuckers to show up taking clothes out of washer
Are you stuck
What do you think smart ass

Its fine tho

Watching dota

Praise ITS for installing 2 computers here
We're going to have dinner in a bit, but if you get super bored, message me. I can head over
Yup

what time is the movie?
There ones that start at 9 acts go on
not gonna lie,  I just finished dinner, so fucking full, and might pass out any minute now
Also before 9:20

All time low

I can hear your message pings. That's how quiet your room is

I don't feel too good, you can go without me
ok.

you're ok tho?
Yeah, I'll wake up again in like an hour
kk

get sm more sleep

I still have all 5 gyms
Now you're just making me feel bad
U could drive by n grab sm of them

Every one but the Campanile

Lang gym is full
Took 3 of them with drive bys
I saw a Dratini the 1x evolved one over at the Dome earlier. Drove 3 laps all around the parking lots. Nothing.

Then I saw a Pikachu on the way to WRC just now.

Tour's starting in 10. Im legit depressed rn

And by saw I mean it appeared in my Nearby

Its silhouette.
I'm pretty sure the temp at work is like 75, but I sware I'm just shivering here, I feel like I'm at 30 or 40 degrees

I caught a beedrill
Oh shit

Do you have a cold?
I don't know... Massive headache and then the chills
yup sounds like a cold
But I don't want a cold!!
Yet you caught one 

Congrats 

Siraj Acharya Can we get pic though Please

new cringelord in town 

I lost so hard at Please

you up?
What you upto?
Just chilling here

Heading to Campanile to take a gym and stretch my legs
give me a heads up when the coast is clear

Well I'm back in the apartment and there's no sign of you

Give me a list of those PTC accounts and the password
if you use them to scan in waverly they'll detect

coz the avatar'd teleport 40 miles back n forth in a minute
Fair enough
U home?
Yep

Ssup
Few things

Charge your phone

Found your battery pack yet?
Yep
Pick me up near the gym by CBB at abt 5 45

Take a picture of the fridge board so we can go to walmart
I have a meeting for ISA from 530 to 630
Oh lol
At sidecar
K ill PoGo while waiting for u then
I can give you the car keys and you can go shopping and come back, and then after I'm done we can start farming and then go hunting

How's that for a plan
How abt dinner?
We can do late night, or I'll just buy us some sandwiches from sidecar

Whichever

Or hell we can do a drive through when we're hunting
That works 

K send me the shopping list

See u in 30
Alright...
Which brand of cereal?
Anything

You're still shopping??
Yea
Alright, I just got done

Lemme know when you're heading back
you up?
Yes, I am up
I know who the morning neutralizer is

Motherfucking water bottle guy

Oh lol that wasnt zen

Coz its yellow
Schweinsteiger if I got the spelling right has been offered to Juventus
lol

I'm surprised they didnt just include him as part of the Pogba deal
It almost feels like they're just saying, here, if we haven't compensated enough, we'll even give you a good player
nah they won't give him away for free

and they bought him for 6.5 mil so it's not that big a deal

with Pogba United's having way too many MF 
I wonder how many are going to have to keep taking a seat
Mata, Blind, Rojo,...

Ill prolly leave work early in an hour. Maybe take a nap. If im still sleeping when u get home wake me up and we can go to the 4 45 show
Alrighty
u up?
Yep

Facebook it

Can't see images on WhatsApp

Okay make me some PTC accounts and send them my way...
I don't rmb if I had put the pork stew out for thawing. Do that when u get home if i hadn't done that alright

I'll be back in a few...after collecting more pokeballs

hahahaha

Try to get the bike from Alia and Joe soon

there's a loop of 3 miles

that'll net us all 10 gyms


Alrighty... I'll get on it

Make me those accounts...

The meeting that I'm in is soooo boring
pw nxhfr58e

let me know if those work

I wrote a python script to create them 
I can't access it through the wifi. Also do these accounts have to be logged in and then accept the tetma and stuff?
Pretty sure they do
Ready when you are
I just realized that Russel could deduce from your fb post that you live with me now and not MC.

Otherwise he's dumber than we thought 
Dumber
I AM SPRINTING

OUT OF WORK

scanner picked up an omastar

near our apt

like wtf!
Fuck me

Why does it happen when we aren't in our house!!!!!!

Go get it
we have 2 eggs left

How the actual fuck

Blu guy here

Heading to Lang

Looping back after

Brenda 3103593540

Where r u?

Whenever u r ready

Library closing in 15
I swear, waking up early  shouldn't be allowed on weekends

The game kicked me out...and I can't even get in now
Get in the game?

Or the gym?

Magikarp same spot

Wigglypuff a block away on main. 14 mins
We lost the CBB gym
Train these 2. Wiggly. Seerley. Reclaim campus.
There's a bunch of blue team guys going and taking the gyms now
Lol sure we'll neutralize them at night

Also taking gyms at 1pm is just plain stupid

Hope they like getting roasted

How's the check up?
Good... 90 healed up
Gr8 

U going to work after that?
Already at work...

Bored and ready to sleep

I might take an early day today
like home after lunch early?
hahahaha

Don't worry about cooking... I'll probably crash

Woke up at 530 again

Saw your notes

And then just went back and did nothing
so you didnt get the gyms? 

also arent we getting ice cream and having dinner at piazza?
Well I left the house at like 715

So couldn't get it by then

And yes we're getting ice cream...

I thought we'd be waiting till like the first week of classes for actual food at the dining centers
hmm so we

are just gonna drop off the ice cream after they have dinner
That was the plan in my head

Tell Felix to tell those kids not to have desert and then we come in and save the day
well if you can figure a way to catch em all like Pokemon
haha

Well we have the flavor list and we have to get eggs anyways

So we can go to hyvee maybe and stock up

Buy a bag of ice and put it in the cooler and then put all the ice cream in there
well you can do all that then pick me up at CBB

then we can go to hyvee

what time should you be back? sounds like you need ample napping time :v
Well do I want it, Yes Do I need it, not really

I'll send you a massage after I get my life figured out
if you get... 
You're not completely wrong there

Can you call Brenda and yell her that we'll come get the couch tonight at like 5 PM
Yell?

That seems rude 
Yeah you know like shout in the phone

Well she has your couch
Bitch we coming to take your shit!
More like, Please step off bitch, Thank You

That way we're not too harsh
She didn't pick up

I'll try again later

She will be home
Wonderful
So what's the plan? We need 1 the SUV to get 2 the sofa, then hyvee for 3 ice cream. Also 4 i need to cook, kinda want to PoGo earlier tonight
I'm still waiting for the damn car, should be here soon. Get car, get sofa, give car to Bryant for a while, get groceries, head to the group, give ice cream, come back eat and then pogo
Come back eat

Nigga u wut? 
And eat
Eat what?
Umm whatever you cooks

Or whatever foods we get
I can go with you to get the sofa n groceries then I will be back to clean n cook while you give the kids ice cream

Come back eat
Why am I giving the kids the ice cream....

You're the elder one
Cos bitch you can't cook 

Or won't cook 
Fair enough, I'll give the kids the ice cream,and come home and eat

By which time you better have my dinner ready
Sure 

Also

Whose SUV r u waiting for?
Sai's
N who has it rn?
Some Pakistani
K. Please come rescue me as soon as you have it

I didn't know the orientation sessions r in CBB
haha
Im stuck here with the like of Alisha Eugene and Danusha
Say no more... I'm en route with Ivy
Take the parking lot by Russel

The Hall not the cancer
I is here
Brenda just called me
On my way there
Most of them were alr gone. Fuck it imma just head home. We could dump this with Danusha and she could give them out at breakfast or sth
Your call
Yeah im still in a general pissy mood so prolly best to avoid talking to ppl
Kay

Tell me what the joke is that she sent

And we can do something nice when I'm back
No problem, just hoped everything was ok. Maybe you got jacked or something. You probably will going back though when all the jealous people see your new furniture

Weird sense of humor, but ok

Will you need me to pick you up from Bryant's? Im heading out to nuke some gyms
I'm heading to pointe west
K omw
Where you at
Im here. Just making sure you're not hiding behind a bush or sth
Did you decide to go to work
Nope im cleaning the apt

No shoe inside policy is now in effect
Alright...

haha

I wonder how long that's gonna last
That's not a challenge you fucker

Damn I blame Anna for our liberal usage of that word
I blame her too

How is she...maybe I'll send her a message

Nah...you can find out and tell me
hey how are you

?

That sounds weird
I'm fine
-- End of conversation -
Wouldn't be

Surprised

Also side note, I'm thinking about growing my hair long
do you have a good reason for that?
Umm... Do I need to?
Not really, but I was hoping you had one
Also second side note, my chocolate pudding is sugar free.... FML

Well I can come up with one if that'll make you happy
By growing your hair would you look more like an idiot? 

ripformatting

Y
haha
Fucking whatsapp
And N

Reason Since I want to surprise my mom, just go completely looking like a new person...
Then nah don't do that it's a bad idea

just make sure she wouldn't call the cops on you
Well I'm sure she won't... I'll probably reach in daytime...so go surprise her and then immediately go get a haircut... Much cheaper in India

Okay well then you give me a reason to grow my hair long
make sure you pay the barber extra when you get that hair cut 

he might just bring out the lawnmower

when the acid kicks in...
Why... He'll probs be thanking me that he got to cut soo much hair
motherfucker invented the dab at 206
I just watched the whole video twice and showed it to my colleagues...  I haven't watched or heard that song in years
so it's an actual Indian classics 
Yep, it actually is

It's Punjabi

Punjab is a state in India
Have you collected?
Nope

More like can't

Not good enough network in the office workspace and wifi doesn't allow

Did you?
Get outside and collect
Yes boss
Still havd 3
Well damn, that's more than I expected
Ikr 
Just collected
Still have 20 mins here niggasplz
Guess people actually want to learn stuff at orientation

Making the most of your time eh

How many you got now
Also 3
Well get out there and get a couple more

You've got a bit more time
Well i took back the ITC one

Then sb took it away...again 
Who would have thought that one would be so competitive
Its the most drive-byable

Maybe second after J's Homestyle
Did you really have a magikarp run away?
Yep. Motherfucking magikarp

A minute left
You're killing me with suspense.... Just get it already
I feel like a movie's bad guy waiting to detonate a bomb just to have Superman flies down and rekt everything at the last second
You know once in a while the bad guy also wins
Like just now

ActualTeamRocket
So Jay asked me if I knew anyone who could pick him up, so I told him if you had the car you would have.. But no
Im confused. Did you or did you not mention my name?

Unlock sequence for your tablet
Clockwise from top left
Your bitch refuses to move
Well make him

That works

Kinda
Lol...well if you can still use that app then that's good

I got dropped off at home. Bed is super cozy. Very tired. May not be up to say good night. Leaving tomorrow early, so just a heads up. I'll see you in morning. Good night
Lol sleep it off 
I sware, the silent hill shit just keeps going on and on

This fog ain't wanna get lifted
Sitting by Campanile

Can't see Commons
Please become me for a bit and scare the crap out of someone...
I have an idea

But might be too dark 

1 get a Grim Reaper costume 2 stand outside the retirement home near Roth 3 hold up a sign that reads You're next
I sware the calls that those old people kids will get.... I'm sure the kids will throw down whatever they're doing and run over to check on the old people
I swear there was a Grim Reaper outside my window Yeah sure take your medication Grandpa

Also campus gyms are yellow

Well, were yellow
You gotta be careful though... Someone takes a picture then your gonna be on the news and what not

So I think I'm going to have you pick me up after all... Tomorrow at like 1, same place and this time, get my badge. I'll remind you tomorrow
Hey, actually my mom had to go to Chicago today so I have to take care of my sister. But can we do this some other day?

Fucking little shit...
haha

Exactly when you had the whole house for yourself

So my manager bought me a drink

I also have a couch a wardrobe and a TV and a work desk

Not to mention the damn bathroom
I also don't give a fuck
about....?

You in a bad mood again?

Took any gyms?

Am I like Blacklisted or something? Why you no answer...
just woke up

slept 12 hrs str8

fantasy epl gw2 starts in 3 hrs. confirm your team
Finally, got scared you died... Can't access the interweb very good, don't have good signal.

Hey... Reminder for you... 135 at the super 8, with my badge!!

And my manager just said, Don't make me wait
Idk your manager so that last sentence literally means nothing.
Well she said that directed to me

So from me to you... Please don't be late

The badge though... That's the main thing!!
Chill with the exclamation marks.
Alright!!

Okay were going faster.... Be there before 125

Please!!

Where are you...? Oh and the badge also
At super 8
Ah okay boss... There's a ton of road work, but we'll be there in a few

I saw you at the gym spot.... Come back home and pick me
Lmao what 

isbn 9780199946617
What's her name?

haha
I sware I don't remember
Huh... Lots of CS ppl  who I thought have graduated - haven't
HAHA

They might be thinking the same thing about you...

Or what is this freshman looking kid doing in this class
CP 10 is in 4  5 of my classes

Fuck
haha

I just cracked out laughing in the hallway
SexyBoy is in my class

The only class without CP10

Fuck
So you've got entertainment
Fuck Ada
What's his name
Who?

Also where r u?
I'm heading back home
Kk

Still home?
Yep

Sexy boy is in my class 
Poleksic?

Algorithm?
Yep
So you know the unspoken rule in men's restroom when you are never to choose the urinal right nxt to the one currently occupied?
Yes...
So i got to the real time lab early
Someone violated that eh...?
Fucking CP10 has to choose the seat next to me

Motherfucker
Probably the only way he's gonna pass

Alright, I might pass out for a few while, but if it gets too late then wake me

Scratch that, I'm still trying to sleep

Wake me when the food is ready
Set your alarm
I might go out for dinner With J

Have to go home for the car at some point tho...
Ah okay, then forget waking me up... If it's like 930 and you haven't gone out on your date ten wake me up
I forgot a few things sunglasses water bottle  the inclass worksheet for combinatorics All shld be in my room
Where you at
Library. Just give those to me in AI
I made breakfastlunch, but I guess it's only lunch now for you

Also is anything happening on labor day weekend?
With me? Or on campus?

Either way idk
Umm with you I'm asking

Alrighty
We're not leaving town

Unless you can make it back if I get a Hey I'm free we can hang out
God... That girl better step her game
So I'm in one of the study rooms on top floor. My bitch is sprinting back and forth between library and union

In b4 passive egg hatching spot . ..
Good to know that that's secret
When r u done i can't get the pump to work
Are you still in a room?
Nah im in my spot outside Campanile

Dont u have another class?
Nope....who told you that lie

Filled the air in, it's by the bike lot in front of wright
And where r u?
A few seconds away from home... I can't looking for you, but someone else was in your spot
Yeah i stayed there hoping for ppl to come take down my snorlax...but none dare taking the challenge
I met Alia, she got a new kind sized bed...

This thing is wonderful

Where are you though
Home in a bit

Lol Ada is based on Pascal

pfft should have told me that

piece of cake

Nostalgia overflow Functions always return a value. Procedurs not always

learning stuffs learned 15 yrs ago Fuck im old
Shit...just looked at the time. Should probably go to sleep soon
Tentacool behind bookstore if u want
Like right behind...

?
Yeah on 22nd st. 10 mins
okay boss
Magikarp Laundry on the hill

Taking a break near the Union lure
Made lang into level 5
Saw that
Joblessness
You having dinner at your retreat?
Nope
Could you? 

No food at your retreat?
Lol... Umm I'll be fine you can have whatever or nothing
Donuts...
That's not a retreat then 
I don't feel like it... You can go ahead and can you drop the keys as well

I'll just go to class at 9
Snorlax by Dancer 

Grimer by Kwikstar 
Well there goes that
Are you the other one that emailed Diesburg abt the TA pos?
haha

Nope
Goddamn it

How do I apply for the position?
Actually since you're the only one that emailed, I'm gonna just give it to you
Um I haven't sent you an email yet, I figured I'll stop by and talk to you about it

bs So there's one more candidate...

I swear if I don't get it this time
haha

Then you know that she is racist

The car is at the B lot by the wind sphere...
I also talked to her about the thesis

none of her interest area interests me

she did remind me to talk to Andy tho

that idea surprisingly hasnt crossed my mind yet
Did you go home?
Nah still here
Ah okay...
NOT going to ISA
I'm in the library and then I have an ISA meeting at 6PM

I wasn't going to suggest, but now that you mention it, you might as well come
No
I knew it would be that anyways

It's raining pretty good....
Also i just realized

Intro to computing ask it all

Fuck..
Congratulations!!!!

You're somewhat of a teacher now

Do you have to go to class?
Thursday Lab 8 am

Also fuck...
Well looks like you can't sleep in after alll
Outside
Aggressive Banning
rip valor4dinner

Shit...

H is at Arkansas State Uni

How the fuck?
I'm heading back home... Done with all homework and drugs... I'll do the reading later
Done with drugs?
What drugs haha Oh I see it now I meant homework and stuff Bloody autocorrect
Is the chicken still frozen?

On the kitchen counter
Looks defrosted

Didn't open it though
Touch it
It's squishy  defrosted
K. Measure 14 cup olive oil, 2 tbsp soy sauce, 2 tsp grill seasoning all in the shelf.

Marinade that shit
Opened it up... It's squishy on the outside but still pretty hard on the inside, I put it on a box of hot water....do you still want me to marinate?
In 12 hr
okay boss

I'm going to go play some tennis at like 7PM
K. Just marinate it before u leave
10 15 mins before I leave
Schafer randomly assigned 2 letter state abbreviations for us in the grade list

guess which state I got not Iowa

it's related to recent events
Arizona Arizona Arizona

So tomorrow at 12, we're going to an auction...the UNI auction
At the Warehouse?
Yep
You in the library?
Heading there

Where you at
Lawther catching a nidoran
Kay... I'm chilling near the book bistro
Yup ask it all's in my class

This day keeps getting better

Did you drive?
Nope... Biked

It's in front of the ITTC if you want it
Nah i need to go to the Physical Plant

Also i thought we are going to that auction?
I thought we were
So i assumed you'd drive
I can go get the car after class
K thx
Cars in the library parking lot. I'm in the library, we have to leave by 1150
And where r u in the library?
Room 370
Leave
To...?
Auction
And you...?
Are here waiting
okay boss
Take the stair at the Campanile end

Jihad's here
Wait at the warehouse??
No At the library Wtf? Did you go to the Warehouse?
Lol.... Okay come to the health center
Wtf

I was waiting in the library

You took off without me?
9Scratch that... The parking lot by the library

When you said I'm here, I thought you leave the warehouse
Yup coz it's fun to walk there
Well you did say you gear to go to the physical plant

If you're free go to wrc 161... There's free stuff that they're giving out
What kind?
Some samples, and stuff
What kinda samples
Food, tshirts, that kinda stuff
Yeah imma pass
haha

okay
I think im done with AI hw1
Well that was fast
I got the runtime down to 0.04s avg

I think that's good enough
That's pretty fast isn't it
When you get to it...

Combinatorics help a LOT

Cut runtime by 99.99
Well it'll take a lot more than that for normal minds to get it
So apparently other people also are having app crash with grimer and muk 

Esp those with older devices

Sth with the dripping model of them not being rendered properly...

Mfw Grimer and Muk are OP now 
FML

Where are you

I'm thinking about going home, getting something to eat, chilling for a while and then play tennis and then come back and do drugs

Could have possibly told me you know
Same thing happened yesterday

Im concerned 
No you're not
Yes i am For myself 

Technically you don't live in the apt so ...
Smh

I'll in the library, makerspace
I think ill go to Computer club actually
Lol okay... Ima leave in a few minutes then

Tennis again at 7
Tennis is a code for cocaine isn't it?

4 out of 4 this week 
This is what you've done to me!!
What have I done?

Not cocaine for sure 
Pushed me to doing drugs and become a lost cause
Shit, imma sign you up for a drug addict support group

Also Fienup will have pizza at CC if you want
Fuck that group... I'm better off with drugs

If you want to get that back then I'll have a late night snack
Lol ill try

MC's PoGo name is MCPokemon510

Keep in mind when we go full teamneutral

Solid 7 chick in CC. Next one to introduce...blah blah... she's my daughter...
ok
Wtf... That sucks

Actually no... You already have someone that you're trying with

Unless you were doing the groundwork for me, that didn't suck
She's shorter than me 

She's in my Intro class
Nvm

Stop right there
haha
You should've stopped at like she's shorter
Stop?

Ambrosia Sanders
Not going to even Facebook that

Should have known that she was shorter....

That's the only girls your radar can pick up
lol

From a evolutionary standpoint it makes sense
Not what I meant but sure

You home or need a ride?

I'm leaving tennis
Damn

Im still at the Union
Just got home...
If you're alr home don't bother i can walk
If you're really tired I can come

Kay then
Nah
Remind me to tell you how savage my religions professor is
Pogo farming on campus. Let me know when you wake up so we can take gyms
Nah you take them. I've got a headache... I'm going to be down today...

Did you do the grocery shopping....?
No
Do you want to do it soon?
Sure
So I'm thinking we should def do the shopping asap then...

There's a grandma sitting in a car taking down lang

Did I miss the memo on Duc not being home today...?
Oh...

Mfw i had no internet in Wright

In the train lab
Oh okay... Just hoping someone didn't kidnap you or something
You shld come by, we could tinker with these for a while then do grocery shopping
Kay... I'll be there in a bit

We're a car away from ordering ice cream

I slept at 4 I'm going to fall back asleep any minute... Feel free to take my phone

Looks like I'm having a longer weekend... My fucking alarm was set to the 9:30 not 8

Did you leave home already....?
Yeah, why?
I was just curious...

Didn't know if you were hiding in some small corner

Are you coming back before 7...?
I could

Why
Well either way... I'm going to tennis at 7. So I need to pick my kit up

So just lemme know where you are
Oh

The car is parked near ITC

Get it

I can bike back
Oh yeah... Forgot that you left the bike there
noonecares

I'd reply as such 
Very well... Let me think of those three words in a nicer context
It is the three most honest words you could tell him
That's probably true

Alright here goes
Keep me posted 
I was so close to typing bout you in the end
Good job placing no one cares there 
Well you do give good advice... I just soften the blow
Are you home rn?
Yep
Take one of the rib tray out of the freezer
Yes boss
Don't need them to thaw completely, just enough so i can take them apart
Put it in a tray of hot water

Should be able to cook pretty much as you come back I should say
Great

We ran out of rice tho 

New rice won't arrive until Friday

Or later
Ummm cut the meat into very small slices and make a fry out of it... We have those tortillas

Also...did we buy any bread??
No
Ofcourse....

I saw it on the sightings... Where was it
Cbb gym
Yep didn't go there...

Fuck!!!! I thought you parked the car at the ramp... Just walked here and realized you said ITC
Nigga...
Well atleast I don't need to warm-up

I'm gonna head home pretty soon. If you're staying on campus, you can get the car back... I'll walk
Nah I'm done
I'm in the library finishing up... I'll be done in like 2 mins
Oscillating between Campanile n cbb gyms
Do you want me to get the car to the parking lot behind the library
Nah we can walk to the ramp
Just saw the message, I'm already at the car, I'll just head over with car
Kk
I came back to get some food, do you want me to pack you anything?
Nah im good
You close to home...?

There's a guy in front of the Union handing out straws
Alr omw

That's Brian
haha

I just got into ITTc
Barefoot guy
Yep I know... He's wearing his famous hat

So apparently the math stuff is actually due today

I'm taking the car to the game

Or not... Cause the car won't start

Got it to starg
Great...might have to check the battery

8 years from entry level counselor to admission director

Wtf
Talent overload
She looks a LOT like Jessica

Or is it just me?
Very very
Also mfw ISP outnumbers in every table 25 new 60 in total haha
We dedicated bruh
highly motivated
Those two words are always going to be included

And ofcourse Diksha is the first to stand up
I want Lisa to narrate my life
Did Kristi change her name from Marchesani to Marquezani?

I might just head home, I'm not getting much done

Go take a nap and then start I guess
Group meeting at 5...

I also might go to J's tonight

She got a burn
The UI one...?
Yeah
Does she have a burn or a burn
Can you check if the car works when you get back

Actual physical burn

Or a bad rash...

Idk all the details
Yeah yeah... She just wants to have a reason to see you...

Finally...Thank God

I'll check the car
Is Kaushit president of Indian SA

Mfw fucker has shit tons of ideas
Yeah I think he is

I thought I finally got my programm to work and then now it just keeps fucking crashing

Did you by chance get the car to campus...?

Hey are you stil on campus
no
Well we can't find time to see each other, but if possible can I meet you to get an understanding of the combinatorics homework... Just lemme know

So Bryant cooked me some chicken... It smells fucking good I'm leaving work now to go back home and eat some and then maybe come back to work

I'll leave some for you too
K thx 

Would be home late

Again
okay boss
So Captain Ada is asking Andy for help in HW1 AI

I shld start calling everyone Captain 
Captain CP 10 was asking me....

I'm pretty sure I gave him the ELI5 edition, he still got confused
I dont see how he can be confused by your algorithm

eli5 literally says list out all paths and find the shortest that has G
That is exactly what I said

Are you taking the car out tonight or can I take it for tennis practice?
Yeah take it

I couldnt find my phone...

i can still whatsapp from ipad, meaning the phone still has battery left

and connected to wifi...
Do you want me to call it...?
Yeah

Calling?
Yep... It rang and then went to voicemail
Well the case has my ID

so they'll know whose that is

or I can lose both 
Yeah it keeps ringing...

Maybe the comp lab...?
Didnt even go in there
In the math building!!
Nah i played po go after that
Campanile spot?
Found it

union
Do you need to get picked up

Or you can use this as an excuse to spend more time with her
Who?

Oh j?

She has night class
Who else...

Lol...sad timing then
I have a few group meetings tho
Wow.. that's dedication right there
Ikr

I can only carry so much 
So if you're the carry...who's the support?

Kaleb?
He's semi carry

A few supports...

1 true feeder
Who's that
Duh

Ai hw1 Hmm what do you print out for best case

Top left is G

Just blank?
Yep

Lemme check...

I don't return any path
Got IDS working
The assignment is due tomorrow right...?
At 11 yea

The last 3 commits in my repo is so cancerous

Groups of blacks segregated by whites...
What's the code for the bike lock...?

Nvm

It's not lightning..... Fireworks
Celebrating what??
Probably his virginity being lost

Or he just came back from Australia
haha

I'm an asshole 
I knew that a long time ago

What did you do this time
Do you have pogo open
I can...I will in a minute
Check out the itc gym
You're top

What's new

I got into coding for Poleksic class and then played and then read for religions and then had breakfast while watching Friends. Safe to say, sleep is staggering to come at me. I think i will give in. So enjoy your day, there's bread and I bought milk because I got very hungry okay

I'll start the house cleaning part after I wake up... Don't die 

Oh and remind me to tell you something about Jehad Jihad when I'm up

Hey, can i take the car on the morning... I need to be at McLeod by 8, I'll park the car near the ramp before my 9am... And then you can get it to the career fair if you're going, I'll wake to McLeof from CBB after class and then we can head back together for Combinatorics

All of this only if you're attending the fair
Yea sure
You PoGoing??
Where tf is the car?

Im skipping Combinatorics
B lot by Campbell...

Skipped it because I was still talking with people

My phone didn't buzz at all when you sent the message

Did you come to the fair..?

I'm getting free food
Still at the fair

Free food?

I think I'm heading home

Unless you're done soon

Oh shit!

J's mom knows my name 
Shit just got real

So cowshit asked me if I did the Poleksic's quiz....and then just ended it over there
Huh?

So what got real?
You and J

Mom knows your name
I don't know hers...
So I might need some Combinatorics help... Mainly just trying to understand the question more than you showing me how to solve the question
Got half the pizza...

Staying on campus. Let me know when you're done so you can pick me and the pizza up
okay boss... You're lucky there's pizza

I'm leaving tennis, where do you want to meet up
Still in the library. If you wanna head home I could go to Lang gym
I'm at Lang gym...

Going for free food??

I'm in the library....
Heading there
You still there?
I got back like 5 mins ago...

Didn't attend, I was doing some Biz Apps stuff and then came home

I just sent that to you so I can get it online through WhatsApp
Because email doesn't work
nah, I already had it open, so it's easier and faster for me
Task is print out sth like this

I swear, these kids,....
Wait I don't understand... How is that difficult... Like I don't get that part
How many rows do I have BS x

How many stars do I have in row 1? 1

How many stars do I have on row 2? 2

How many stars do I have on row i? Um, i?

Well...? I knew that, but Idk how to write it...

Fuck me...
Tell me this isn't that idiot of a guy... Indian Ask It All
I'd prefer this types of idiocy

Ask It All's type of idiocy is nesting 3 for loops and conjure up Satan and wondering why it doesnt work
haha

conjure up Satan... Lost it completely
might have overexaggerated with Satan...

sorry Satan...

but the 3 level nested loops are true story

only one in the lab that had the audacity to try that...
Worse case just fucking print it so it looks like that, who the fuck even thinks about 3 nested loops
no they can't hardcode it lol 

user input height of triangle
But seriously 3...
and I went why didn't you add another print at the end

and they tried that

and it worked ofc it did

their faces... 
All hail the Duc master
If it's stupid but it works it's not stupid

What's the name of that trashy looking chick you were talking to outside of AI

she's also the CS dept office student assistant I think?
Umm lika or Liza or something
I went to talk to Diesburg Some of the students were frustrated that they knew what to do, they just dont know the syntax to implement that

well, sometimes it's a good thing to be frustrated because if you cant handle that, CS might not be one for you

haha

Almost as savage as McCormick
Isn't implanting thoughts into code pretty much the nutshell definition of CS

lol
They got the step by step algorithm...

I think that's more important than put that into codes

but ofc some of them r at total loss
Well looks like you're doing a good job!!
This bitch is complaining in the lab

I don't like programming. It's tedious. Can I go to a CS stream where there's not too much programming?

I'm trying so hard not to snap with Have you tried the non CS stream?
lol

See why I would still be getting a kick out of all of this

I think I'm gonna start making my way home. I have to do a listening exercise for soundscapes
Wait You alr left?
Yeah... I'm like a min away from home
Txt me when u r ready
I'm ready I guess

Tennis is cancelled, I'm going back to take a nap
Saa's pride crying at Campanile
I came to the library, cause the net is down at home. I'm doing a test, and I'll get down at close to 4 420. Let me know if you still want to come to the Reese's
Net's working fine for me. Can you fill the bike's tyre? It's by Wright.
It was down for like at least half an hour from 2:30  

3
For u maybe

Been watching twitch all along
Hmm I don't know then...

Kay, I'm doing this test, I'll text ya later

Bikes filled with air and ready...

Do you want to come over to the Reese's?

Baddah needs help with something, so I'll be in the library

For my online soundscapes test, Google helped me get 80 on 84 And my luck helped me get 12 on 16...
I think im sick. Maybe. If shaw hands out sth in class. Get 2.
Well just make sure you're not dying. But let me know if you need anything

Berns has a seriously thin laptop
XPS 13 Dev Ed. 1049
cool
Fucking Jesus...
Thought it would brighten you up
Nigga has free wine n shit...

Did Schafer give back exam 1
Yep...
Hw2?
He'd rather wait to give it to you personally...his words

I got 35 of 50

Thought I would do better 
Yeah i think it's required by law

Not the 35 of 50 
Yeah...
Did he talk abt hw2?
He did give HW2...told us to do it using a tournament method

I think he's explained it on the assignment part
The ticketing lottery system

?
Ummm it's more or less like that yeah...

Maybe it is that and he just used different vocab
No I got that...but since everything is pretty much random

I can't know for sure whether i got it right

I'll ask him tmr

Is it too suspicious tho?
Yep.. Read up on the assignment, and I'll be ready to answer your questions on Wednesday

His words

So I think you'll be fine
Ask questions on Wed...
Yep
Not have a working program n just need to fine tune on Wed
He knows your a freaking smartass so you'll be fine

I'm home till about 545. Lemme know of you need anything
Isa on deck
Yeah I'm not making it
So they didn't suck... 
Did someone record it??
Amy

You missed Black Student Union

Hands down the best

All these white ppl ain't got nothing
I think Britt went live for that, so I can see that
poGoing go to Lang gym when u r done. Or cbb if it's easier
I'll let you know

I'm heading to lang

Let me know if you want me to come to cbb
Kay

Where are you??
Sec

Send the apple pen song to Baddah

Nigga gon cry
haha okay boss
Shit did you give a tour?

Are you giving a tour? 
I don't have a tour until next wed

You fucking idiot...I just had a mini heartattack
Just realized that too
Fuck...

Is there CC and free pizza if not I'll probs just head home in a bit
Me too

I have exactly zero energy

Plan is head home cook eat and sleep before 9
I have zero food  zero energy

I like that plan

I just don't know if that last part will happen though
Do you have your keys?
Nah, I got the bike
U home?
Just...
Cook some rice. 3 cups will do.

There's still some wings in the fridge
okay boss...

And a couple slices of pizza
I'll cook more when I'm back

Maybe the pressure has got to you buddy. Don't worry it happens to the best of us... ...let alone the worst.

I realized it's a tall order to tell me not to call people out in public...

I mean damn back then I got elected for calling someone out in public...

Kowshit is the type of nigga that goes to a buffet and be like Look there's chicken! Look there's noodles! Ooh Lobster...! then starves by the end of the night.
hahah

Also Kristi is still here, her travels got cancelled
Oh shit...

U with amazing race?

If I don't come home tonight you can assume Kowshit is dead and I'm confessing at the police station
Nah man...what am I for, I'll be your alibi I'll make 18 other people also vouch for you... Go ahead and murder him
I missed out on a Snorlax because I was going helping one of the student for her Intro Homework 

Fucking misplaced conscience...
He just pulled his Tshirt up as you passed him, I've been scarred now
Literally bleed out of your eyes 
So I got 7 out of 10 questions...do you think that's good enough?
U home?

And yeah that's alright
Nah... In the library with these goofballs
Dafuq Where?
In that room... Next to the green room
I could hear your phone chimes
ha Where are you
Chime bitch
Yes yes I get it

Good these people are annoying...

This is why is rather deal with management and let others deal with crappy members

Especially these Pakistani fuckers
run
Do I need to remind them that India just conducted surgical strikes just for the fun of it DontMessWithMe
Energy running low. poGoing in 10
I found another fucking cowshit...and he's Pakistani!!!
Who'd fuck cowshit?
I've followed your advice and just taken a step back...and just done what I need to do
Sounds like fun in there 10 ppl with ideas
I'm just sitting in the corner and coding
I can see that 
Are you PoGoing or home?
5th lap
How much energy do you have to make something to eat??
Ramen with chicken 
Wonderful... Please do

I see that you've mastered one handed biking
Not enough to catch this punk ass pidgeotto
lol
Where even are you
Library
N you could see me?
I had to go over to the Union to store some stuff and then I saw you
...dashing through like the daredevil
Be sure not to drag anyone to hellfresh into anyone and show them a world of pain

crash
Leaving in 10
Leaving in 5

Let me know when you're leaving
Are those emojis the cancer tumors that you have? toodark?
Nah just MedicalReasoning
I'm in the train lab

Imma head home at 5...

Reconsidering going to PepRally andor Campaniling tonight
Kay... Are you taking the car?
Yeah R u staying?
Well I was going... Diksha wanted help with the parade stuff
Sure, let me know when, I will drive back down to collect the decorations
Nah I probably will stay...she needs help

Maybe I ll ride with you and then get the car back

That works as well... Probably around 630 7

Library closes at 7 so pakka before that
I thought i have enough energy to cook... Not today

i also have the car
Kay... I'll head home to get the car and get food from outside...

Keep out whatever coupon that we can use, and that you want
Nah i can drive...
I'm already half way home...near itc

You'd better hurry...there's a way going for the golf kart... Currently it's me and you... And also I have the keys

So the game isn't until 4. I'm headhunting back home for a while
Walking?
Yeah with Diksha
Get my sunglasses
Yes boss How'd your date go...?

I'm guessing that I'm not gonna be getting you drunk
kay
I'm headed to the Reese's, they wanted some tech help with their VISA application
alright
Hey I have tennis tonight, but tell me if you want the car. I'll just use the bike
doesnt matter
I'm taking the car for tennis
Are you home or will you head home before ISP?
I'm at work, but I'll probs go back and get something to eat
ok
What's up
I need a few things in order of importance 1. Food Chicken with tofu in the fridge, rice in the cooker 2. The speaker 3. If you can find the library locker key somewhere in my room...
Is that all??
I guess...
Food, I'll get it. The speaker will be there by the time the meeting starts...and I'll turn your room upside down to try to find that key Did I miss anything?
Nah don't need to go crazy for the key. I'll find it eventually. Just grab it if it's on the table or sth...
okay boss
Lol bring the chocolate too if you want. In my room thx
You sound like me right now for the food and stuff
Yea

U home?
no
You passed out didn't you 
yep
I just woke up 
ok
Don't think I can make the tour
Free food Duc... That's what you're missing
god dammit
Or maybe just come to reseller at 12
busy
I'm going home in just a bit, want ride??
no
I have no idea how piazza turned into reseller
?
I got this creepy ass dream where we had a connecting balcony between our rooms and you just came into my room pulped a chair and just waited for me to wake up
lol

I can neither confirm nor deny whether I could have done that

are you in the library?
I just biked back home cause I fucking forgot to put my code in the right file to print

Do you need me to print something
Yeah just shared with you

They are certifying tours 

New Kowshit n Captain Ignorance
Who's certifying??
Diksha n Ulrikke
Go act like a tourist and ask tough things
They walked too fast 

I also have shit to do 
Lol
I got it working but it's too slow for now. Might need a look up table.

Trying not to look at Schafer's code 
Haven't thought about it too much yet
yeah
Probably will start tomorrow
i see
Knowing me that is
I wonder how many ppl saw his code... Maybe it's a trap 
hahah

Maybe he was just careless
Pretty sure there will be some fuckers who'll straight up copy his code, maybe change var names...

Then schafer could ask him to explain the code... rip
cough cough Prabhat
Kow...
Or I could go... Hey prabhat here is the code in Python since I'm doing c I don't need it
Nigga...

Where did you get the code from? Harsha gave it to me Bs he used C
lol Exactly!! And I'll just pull a poker face and say naw son
You can head home after tennis. I have a meeting a 7 and afterwards most likely gonna pogo for a while, i have 0 pokeballs

It works 
And by it you mean...
Mean I'm done. Code's on github. Check if you can see a trollgame pull request as well.

The bike's fucked again... Completely flat back tire...
Well you've always got those two legs...

Or a few fingers to type a message to tell me to pick you up
Nah I'll walk
Legs it is...

I've put the chicken and rice out for ya
It's Jenny from admissions!! Can you and Harsha pick up from Russell 47 instead or the west gym?  Academic locations changed last minute!!!

You can practically hear her voice...

Could you check out the bike by Wright if you have time?
Yeah I can do that

Duc Duc Duc.... Chile posted on his timeline in Facebook Just one line, but I'd like a DucVu review
sure
Filled your bike with air

But I thought I heard a leak so have a look when you're heading home RealAccurate The pic i mean
ok
I feel like pizza tonight... Or do you badly want to cook?
Yeah pizza
Temperature outside  Cold  Shivering Car  Taken  Parking Ramp
ouch
Can't figure math out... Will wait for yoy
Where?
I'm in 370 in the library
Come to the train lab
okay boss
Pogoing let me know when you're done
I'm done
Aight

Lang gym
Sir yes sir
Scratch that go to the Maucker roundabout
Here

So hi how are you is here and fucker isn't removing his clothes from the washer because he can't find a free dryer
Nigga use the trolley
Nope he's wasting  his time by wasting my time taking to me...

We should put these fuckers in a room... Ask it all, this fucker and cow shit

And now danusha entered
Rest in Pepperonis 
I've made a small blanket fort and I don't feel like coming out

Bloody Jehad went out of his way to walk to class with me so that he can talk to me... Someone please please help me
nope
Hey did you drive to campus??

I'm gonna crash.. I tried staying awake... Let's talk soon 
ok
This shit of a nigga can't do basic math and is in a math oriented cs class
haha
Smh

I mistyped get as her... But good comeback 

You ready to leave??
Sure. Do you have the key? If u do u shld get the car by itc. Nearest row
Nah didn't get the key... It's just hanging at home
K ill get the car

In 15 ish
I'm in Gilchrist, I can walk with

Or you can pick me up Whichever
I'll text u when im by Gilchrist
k
Im by Gilchrist parking lot
I'll head out in a minute

I couldn't sleep... I coded nimcala in C again. I think I'm getting the right result, but it keeps showing only one answer for the win or lose

Come to the side door facing Gilchrist

A is shit faced and getting her to stop nudging me every time is getting harder and harder, cause I'm running out of places to go to
Huh
She keeps ending up standing next to me wherever I go... I'm keeping another friend as a barrier
Who? Ohhhhh Fuck
Yes yes Let's say she pregame more than I did and she doesn't have a good tolerance like me
Like wtf is Anna doing in Cedar Falls 
i know right
Oh shit
I don't think I would care at this point if Anna kept nudging... I'm pretty sure I'm fine with that
Didn't realize she's still in tennis
Yeah... She's pakka drunk

And I've had a good amount but nowhere near drunk as her
Walk to the end of the room See if she follows Rinse and repeat
I've been to like 6 ends of the room I feel...

Now I'm jus sitting down and a friend of mine has her pre occupied
Are you sure she's drunk or acting drunk? 
Let's please go with drunk....

She's pakka drunk... She just sat on the coffee table which happens to be a table with a mirror on it... She sat on it and it broke

As bad as that is, it's good news for me... She's drunk
How is that good news?
I pakka know that she's not acting drunk...

Well it's not good news for the guy who owns the mirror... But for me it's fine
Wtf is this pakka bs
Pakka  Definitely in Indian slang
Vcl Acronym meaning Holy shit in Vietnamese slang
Literally that's just three random letters for me
Yours  5
Fair enough...

But I guess we know now... I'll know what you mean when you say that
I never say that To whom would I say that? 
Umm idk...maybe me
It's fogging so hard can't see Latham from Wright
 I just got home...let me know if you need a ride
Nah just gonna pogo a bit then walk the bike home
okay boss...
U home?
No... I'm still puppy sitting until Keniese comes back... 
Kk. I'm still stuck here with UID.
What's up?
Just wondering if i shld head home to cook
I'm going to be studying... So I'll probs get home only at like 11 or something
k
So nothing basically

Did I get signed up for anything?
No I assume you want to neither skip class on Friday nor wake up at 7 on Saturday.
Very much no...
Kristi handed out a bunch of contacts of prospective students from India

But if you still wanna help Bryant just email him directly
Well isn't this the best day to skip

Funny you should mention that... I'm already helping him

Hey I don't feel too good... I'm gonna be skipping class, just take an extra of anything they give out... I'll try to come to Shaw's class

Got my ass to campus now cause my calendar reminder me that I have a freaking interview today

I'm taking the car to tennis
Don't feel too good, he said
Hey I need something to do... Can't sit at home the whole time

Do you want me to leave the car on campus for you?

Just a heads up, since you hardly ever look at your phone intend up writing messages for you and sticking it on the door... But me on the other hand make sure I look at all the important stuff, so when you need to tell me something just do us both a favor and just message it to me... If you don't want me to reply to that, just put that in the bloody message as well... Thanks
K
Hey I'm sorry I kinda flipped out earlier... I'm just having a tough few days... I'll clean them fridge when I get back home later tonight...

Hey I need to get away from everything and clear my head... I'm gonna be at the Reese's tonight...

Also they've invited you and me both for dinner on Sunday. Let me know if that works for you

Hey does the dinner plan with the Reese's work out for you or nah?

Carol wanted to know
Can't make it. Tell them I said thanks tho.
Alright... Want me to get some back for you??

Thanks for cooking

H just messaged me asking for your address
I'm swamped rn as usual, but wtf
I haven't replied.. I'm too busy with this Halloween dance thing..

I'm going to order pizza from Chad's to support ISA... You coming home anytime or would you like me to get it to the train lab

There's pizza at home...

Do you need me to print your family.pl file?

I'm gonna be staying in the library till later in the night... I think I'm going to order some pizza or JJ... What do you want??
Prolly JJ
Check the menu and tell me what you want
10
Foods here, I'm by Makerspace, by the big windows

Where you at...

I've relocated to the meeting...

Any chance you can get some milk on your way back...? Also there's some rice pudding in the freezer, courtesy of Alia...
Aight

Have you replied to H yet?
Nope
The suspense is killing me 
Shall I?
Yeah act innocent  unaware

why do you need D's address

planning a surprise for him?

Pretend you didn't know we broke up
okay boss
Keep me posted if shit turns south
Yes sir

I've realised that listening to cowshit talk can give me cancer
I honestly wasn't paying attention when you were rambling abt arizona, alaska, whatevs...

It just now dawns on me
lol ok

Well whatever was on your mind at the time was real important then
R u still on campus?
Nah got back home a few mins ago...ssup
I kinda don't feel like doing stuffs tonight. I might just finish this reflection then go home.
Come on home then... We can have a party
If you r free, look up a few options of breakfast dinner for Friday. We both know we usually take forever to decide on a place
On the way to UoI?
N back, yes

It might just be fast food, but have them rdy
Aight

Also I'm thinking Chinese or Mexican tonight... Preferences?
I prefer Colombian...

Too soon?

AI hw6 is a bitch. Schafer and I had to debug his code.
Well I can try to get some coffee

I'm still working on getting my actions
Combinatorics hw16 Q5 How did you do it?

Is I wrote a Python script good enough
Who?? CP 10?
CP 10 wrote a script ... 
As in something that'll work on a computer or a script as in now his whole life is going to follow a script
Are you actually retarded? Read my msg again
Oh... hahahaha I didn't read the one in the middle

Question So in the startingState, do I have to have objects in all caps or does normal casing work Ex MIDDLE2 or Middle2
He changed the hw description this afternoon after I bugged him with debugging

Heh 

And, it's Middle2 now
Goodness gracious..let us have a chance dammit
That debugging has to be done and, so you're welcome 
Yes yes...

And as always, Thank You

What does it mean when it says there are no valid binding for pre conditions
It couldn't find that predicate in your startingState
ERROR Dr. Schafer's assumptions about binding matches may be invalid
i know right
fml

I'm pretty sure it's because of how I've implemented it
Lmao what 

I didn't even see that code this afternoon

That's some freaky shit 
hahahaha freaky shit lost it completely
Legit thought you made that error up
Wow... spend more time on doing a html doc that shows up like that eh
Inspect element, edit something...

There's an easy way you could do that with Chrome
You've put way too much thought got that

I don't feel like getting up, how cold is it outside?
Warm af
Well fuck... Can't even give that as a reason
Im going back to sleep
Lol... I heard you come in...

Well nighty night

It didn't work before, because of the way my predicates were lined up in my starting state!!

I basically just sat in a 20 min lecture class

I want my peaceful lunch back!!!
They updated pogo. Increased respawn timer from 15 to 30. Effectively double of pkmon at one time.
fuck
Shit's cray rn
So more rats and birds ev
Endlessly many
lol
Amazed how when they finally do sth right they still fuck it up... Somehow
ok What do you mean
My phone has been buzzing nonstop for the past hour. I didn't even leave union.
Lol...so too much fucking much eh
Oh shit didn't mean to post that to the group
Please tell me you did something that a normal person wouldn't do

I'm gonna play some go and see if by the time I finish anything changes with the election
Trump already won bitch orangeisthenewboss
There's still a small chance right...that he wont A tiny miniscule chance

Boy do I have a story for ya!! Bryant understands that this is a receipt... Could you possibly tell him what it is for and how much and anything else also
Taxi invoice from District 1 to Tan Binh District. 110 000 VND.

111 000
lol
Can you tell me where the car is... alia has an emergency and she needs to get picked up
It's by ITC
I just cashed get and told her I couldn't find it... She's having someone else try
Hmm the conway thing is simple... almost too simple
Of course it is... For you
No for real it really is simple

Wtf is going on on campus?
What do you mean
People singing n dancing n shit

High School Musical College
Where is this...
I assume they were rehearsing...outside Lang

Schafer walked by as I was catching a Pikachu By Seerley Park
Does he play it too... Or did he talk UI or AI
Nah he just walked by
I feel like I think that he's way too fun compared to the other professors
Good thing I don't owe him any hw
right

He wouldn't have done Anything
But the implication is he could
true Logic eh..
We literally have 4 pieces of chicken left

Masala or Asian fusion
Anything...
Pogo event over

Where u at
Home
So your idea of getting food is?
The two wings, I was incredibly hingry

We've been invited to Sai's house care to join? With no gym clothes
Lmao i've been up since 6.

Can you just get into my room, my license is on the bed and I just need the OLN on the card
What's the Dowd Manohar war about? 
I'll tell you later... J is at the ToC event
With her mom?
I can almost hear funeral music playing
Wtf is this chimpanzee standing at the podium for?

He's making the idk wtf is going on face
Which is accurate
Sad af Literally noone claps along FeelsBadMan
I can't stop thinking of him as a chimpanzee Again no one looks at him
The light's not even off yet
That shayan kid is trying so hard to hit on with her
Rekt Cringe

I read it as ...to hit her

Damn 
Sexual predator
Who is she?
Danielle...
Who tf is shayan
Pakistani kid
Cancer

If you go, ask questions beginning with After you left UNI,...

Wow...

That's so cool damn!

Literally never been done before...
Astrid is salty af... The image pop up was her idea, and they kicked her out and got this stuff


That's why we shouldn't get involved
TooReal
All of you! evil
right
This gonna be good
I'm waiting for the VP to talk
I'm the VP, what is my job again
Oh it's my turn
Nigga straightup reads from the slide

I'm the fall guy
And he said only 8 alsos
haha
6 likes for one sentence
My fucking rib cage!
ouch Rip rib cage
hahahaha

Mfw I'm Trump
What do you want for food...

Did you gave a good talk with the well reputed Mr. Karim
Yeah i shook his hands. Probably will need actual bleach
This lady came prepared with her answers
I came prepared with questions
nice

Really??
10

...and after I graduated, I decided to work with Excel.Oh and Access to STOP BRAGGING Who gives a flying fuck?
hahaha i know right

One person... Russell
Russel even his parents fucked up writing his name

These are the advantages of me coming outside pause outside of my box I halfexpected him to say closet
haha too real
I'm fucked.
You're having a blast of a time aren't you
I have 9 more to go. This is only foreplay.

KRISTI STOLE MY QUESTION

U home?
And in bed
Sick?
Yeah... The cold and sore throat of Satan is staying with me for a while apparently
lol

Can you peel an onion? Imma make meatballs again
Sure... When do you want me to do it
Anytime in the next hour
K

I'm skipping out on class... Talked to Schafer. Probs just gonna go home and crash and try to get some sleep
alright
Could you maybe get some NyQuil on your way back... I feel like shit and I look like shit and I can't find that shit
Yeah.
thanks
I won't be home till 10 at least tho
thats fine
So don't die
Satan's pulling me down, but I promise I'm fighting... I'm not gonna go down without a fight... So fuck him
I don't remember pulling anyone down...
I'm not talking about the Satan of humanity, I'm talking about the Satan of colds
I might be home later than expected. You ok?
I'm surviving...

How'd the meeting with the idiots go
Can you do the testing today? It's fine if you can't we can push yours to tmr...

Library closes at 5 tmr. Might have to try for today ultimately
Nah we can do it today... I need to do something with my life other than doing nothing...

I'll come on campus in like 30 mins, probs head into work for a bit and then whenever

Do you know when you want me to do the testing...?

This picture is waiting for your roast
Talking? Thoughts?

Hahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahaah
I thought you would appreciate it

So my 10 o'clock just got cancelled

Invite Alia to the get together??

Just after I sent that message I got a thought... Great another one who doesn't drink alcohol
Yeah sure. Plus she can cook 
True true

Any recommendations from you on what she has to cook?
Idc. The more the merrier 

This is like the cs equivalence of United coming back against Bayern in 99
Please reply all as well
Nigga...

Did you mean to do that or you fucked up?
I've been waiting for so long To do that

You see. Me being sick and all, I can get nauseous and fuck things up
Nononono

You can't always play that card
lol Sure I can That's the best part
I forgot to invite Diksha Text her
I did
Better yet go to her apt Steal her coffee table
Ohh good idea I'll do that Wednesday
Who drinks?
Neeha Patel
That sounds made up That a dude?
Nah she's a real girl Pakistani too So we ain't all Indian
Great... A drunk Pakistan chick...
It's time you meet other people
Sure she can come
I'm sure she'll be behave I think
Oh she's the one that tryna get with Manju isn't she? That sounds too eerily familiar...
Yes sir

I'm a silver fucking two... Fuck the ones, their computers and everything involved I'm better than so many people.... Fuck everything, we gotta parry tonight bitch!!!

Get your bitch ass home early tonight and we'll break open that bottle of wine and showcase my silver 2 abilities
my laptop aint working

I'm better than so many people kek'd 
Fucking laptop.... And wtf is kek
top kek
Wtf did you make me watch
If you're feeling courageous, you can try making the meatballs... Recipe Ingredients 1 lb ground pork 1 egg 1 3 cup diced onion 1 3 cup breadcrumbs 1 4 cup milk 2 teaspoon Teriyaki Sauce 2 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon pepper 1. Mix all ingredients together well.2. Cover the baking pan with tin foils. Spray it with butter.3. Roll the meatballs shape and size doesn't matter, but keep them tight4. Place the meatballs in the pan and bake for 2025 mins, 400F5. Use with pasta or rice.
otherwise I'll be home around 10
Do you want to just meet with Berns for the reimbursement thing?
Rmb when I said I could tolerate Alisha

Fuck that
lol Welcome to the group

Jon will come by tomorrow at 1

I'll make it home
did Poleksic scrap his computational biology course next semester?
Yeah looks like it
wtf
haha
fuck there goes my easy A
lol

You're still bound to get an A no matter what
Did you have a stroke?
Not to my knowledge...

When can you possibly get back home?
7 earliest

Combinatorics hw tmr is the graph theory one
Oh okay
What's the name of that lady in the library I keep thinking it's Linda

I know it's not
Kelly?
Ohhh
Just a fyi... Duc Vu is playing a tennis tournament in Des Moines
Idk whether I prefer Diksha  Aashita or Diksha  Alia
I'm dying... Laughing

I think items might be flying around because of the salt and frustration levels with Diksha and Aashiita
We Walmarting?
Yeah sure. Give me 15ish more mins

Alright I'm good, whenever you're ready

Let me know where to meet ya
right now

Im walking to GIL
Alright I'll be down near admissions, unless you're walking through career services
Nah by Admission
Where you at?
Detergent
I rescheduled the appointment to 145, cause I can't miss this damn meeting
kay, as long as I could get back to campus by 5. Have an exam
Yeah I think that's doable
Diesburg is on the UNI home page

A Woman of Innovation

dayum 
Choose
amazon

I can get it

unless you could find a better deal
I'll try...
50 is not bad

unless it comes on the 15th itself 
Yeah, I don't think I can find a better

Pay for express shipping
umm ebay's expedited shipping is 40 

u fuh real

and amazon has only one shipping option
Fuck
if I'm late to CC meeting tell Kaleb I have econs exam
Yes boss

What battery did you want?
AAA
Berns is proctoring

Ima head down to admissions
I couldnt find my phone can you call it

was it in the car?
Yep I'll check

Spent the last 20 mins checking in the car... It's in your room 
Dafuq kk

i should be done in half an hour  40 mins.
k
ill text you when its done
okay boss
K I'm done in 5
Okay I'll start out here... I'll come to the library lot

Cowshit is as dumb as you can get in Poleksic's class... I asked an abstract question about an algorithm... Everybody got it and we moved on 10 minutes later, he asks the same question but with so many specifics with the given example and confuses most of the class and himself Stupidity at its best!!!I felt bad for Poleksic and I answered it myself but with no fucks to give I'm pretty sure he thought I was asking him to shut up, but at that point I wasn't 10 seconds later, I was
maybe he just wants to be as cool as you 

asking abstract algorithm question n shit 
right

I got our Chicago parking figured out

You on campus and heading home soon?

If you want new shoes, or want to buy me some
80 sure these are literally made in VN 
nice

Then buy them cheaper and make a profit
pretty sure I can buy them for 40
If it's that cheap you should get a pair for me

Continue the drug trade back as well
Sell some 25 cent voodoo shit from VN for 10

I was sitting in the library when I saw this... Lost it and burst out laughing
Why tf is that guy Indian

The mirror arrived
There are donuts in class

Do you still have those AAA batteries?
Maybe. Check my bag
K thanks
so is that rice coming or will I have to kill a nigga to get it
Well texted her like an hour ago and the rice is coming...at 10 tho

Should I just go to her place and see if I can steal some?
this is why niggas in africa r dying
hahaha

That and air strikes
Anything you want to print from the library?

Itinerary, boarding pass, last will and testament?
Shit you want me to die eh...

I was going to o do it, but if you're there I'll send it
I swear that's a typo
I'm at the Reese's...I can pick you up if you stay for another 20ish minutes
Don't rush. 3040 mins would be fine
Sent... Kay thanks

Pick you up at 8?
Sure
Cool
On the way?
I'm at the roundabout by maucker

How long does he chicken stay longer?
You should pick up a controller preferably wireless for casual-couch-gaming
What kind of a controller?
I have a logitech f710. Sth similar. Assuming it's cheaper in india?
I can get a redgear for 20 bucks
Never heard of it

I'm laughing as hard and as much as I can so that I can stop myself from mentioning women drivers when I returnn

you should do the same
Thank you

That was my first thought...and I just kept thinking that with every sentence I was typing
googling car rekt gif

tryna find one closest to the description? toosoon?
Nah bruh She alive but car is rekd

So you is fine

Yep pakka female driver Doing speed limit or less And such a beautiful crash
still rekt lmao
You have no idea how glad I am that we didn't give her the keys to your car

Cause not only would the car have been rekt

But we both would have one less friend
quick make up some bs cheat death story

IT'S YOUR TIME TO SHINE

free game

check the name
My laptop liter just ran out of battery

I'll check it in the morn

Better get some good realistic details

Did you mean to call???

Also I didn't mean that many question marks
Nah must be butt dial
Mfw when I got a better score than you in AI final

I think ima celebrate by eating a whole cake
Back to the curve it is
You got 485 out of a 490

You still the highest, so doesn't change a lot
99 literalOnePercent
showOff
It's kinda weird that I went virtually alcohol free this semester
Hey don't blame me, I tried
Less than a week in VN...alr 2 get together
Not very hard, but still

ha
At least 2 more scheduled next week
That's the way...get drunk and make me proud All my idiots have semester exams... So no real get together yet

Alr had the game

I swear these Asians can't play cs. At all.
You're just much better

What's average skill level
I just need win 4 consecutive arms race game

What do u think?
Alrighty, so it's a bunch of shitty silvers
No I never joke 
Send me suggestions for the wireless controller, and I'll get something... Some are cheaper here as you suggested
There's a logitech f710 lying around in my house and I bought another dual shock 4. Good alternative could be an xbox controller which works for pc
She just put one word as his fb status...and no one lost their minds... Fuck
Huh? Who?
Fucking autocorrect

Not she, I meant Shaw
I forgot to enter the grades

I want you to meet xyz. You two go talk to each other

Dreadful
So when and where's the wedding
Bitch this kid's 12

I know I'm 16 but wtf
haha

Your mom needs her grandkids

She's thought this whole thing through
This shit's weird
But the good news is that, maybe she's given up on H
My friend's kid
This is your time to introduce J

Wait wut This kinda feels fucked up
My mom's friend's kid That shit's too cray
How old is this kid

And is the kid a female??
She's 12 looking like 15

Ive had a few shots but still
Well I think it's time you drop the mic and scram

Before you commit any illegal things especially considering that you've had a few
haha

My mom's here with her friends

Literally just acting as her chauffeur
I'd never have expected to hear that
Hear what?
You becoming the driver
Well I'm the most alcohol tolerant around here

Inb4 I never expect that
I was gonna say

Sure sure
My liver's still the youngest so... 

Well not younger than the 12 year old

But still
Actually it's the 12 year olds

Yes yes

Does the kid drink yet??
No...?

In other news my new visa arrived today so I'm good for the trip back
awesome I forgot about that
yup
Well at least it came
In other other news There's a slight possibility that J's coming over next weekend slight possibility
Is this in the same event of the fuckers reunion??
God no
Cause I don't think the third member of the gang knows yet
I'm a nice guy
I will stay away as long as possible

Send me the itinerary so I know when you're landing there
ok
Got it?
Yep
DELAYED JetBlue Flt

I suggest u stay put
Well duh

Maybe find since short Asian chicks to become friends with
Landed
That's early.... I'm getting there, traffic and snow
Yea still on the plane Baggage claim gonna take a while

Terminal 3 I believe
Car died again, got back to the place, getting it charged again, gonna be a bit
Kk take your time
Be there in 1520
Skipped Poleksic?
Sitting in his class

My day hasn't had the best of starts
Oh wow I'm impressed

Should I skip the Personal Wellness lab at 1?
The winter skills one?
Yea. Should I?
Yep....

There's not enough snow to learn proper skills
Why am I asking Harsha whether I shld skip class
Cause I give the right reasons for such cases
Ofc u had to inject that bs

You know how gullible ppl are 
Si senor

Please play along

This is probably my x saving grace for this morning
So I drove back to CF yesterday?

Or did I stay the night in Chicago and are now on the way back?
You are already in CF

You can say you came back early this morning or last night...Your wish
What is she talking abt?
The fuck is wrong with CF weather
Bitch ass CF welcoming us

U going for gray class?
Yeah... And then I'm coming home and finding something to eat and then deciding if I want to crash or just exhaust myself more
Wing Tuesday

I also need a pick up at 4 30 from WRC
Lol okay... I was surprised that you didn't take the car

So you're going to the HPELS class
Yea

Up to you whether you wanna invite Spain Idiot
It's your car and your cash that's buying me food...I'm just the chauffeur who gets treated very well
But you started this charade of Harsha still stuck in Chicago
Sure we can invite her...I didn't expect that to stick but guess she is a blonde after all
I'm screenshotting this shit 
I'm gonna die much earlier than my due date aren't I
You should be glad that you're still alive

So should I
What is she? A blood sucking German Shepherd that we need to be that worried?
Screenshotting another... 
I'm just putting more of myself in the grave that I dug long back

Did you invite her?
Ya
okay boss what time?
After I'm done with this. So 4 15 ish.
okay boss
HPELS ended so I'm just gonna walk home. Get some sleep

You're not wrong about Spain Idiot being too eager to meet people...
She is in the union
If you somehow can get the car to start and drive that piece of shit to campus that would be great. If you do, don't lock the doors. I need that red package in the front seat.
Do you want me to leave the key in the glove box or something?
Up to you I just want the package
Kay

Cars not gonna start, I'm leaving to the ITTC now, I'll just get that with me
K I'm still in ITTC
Where you at
Nigga just get to class
Oh also she was very upset with you last night because you cancelled on pie

I forgot to message it earlier
good job Passive aggressiveness
Same thing even now when I said I should just have stayed in the library
R u in Gray's class?
Yep I just saw you walked by
Yeah was trying to see where u at?
In the back
Done?
Just

You around or out?
In student lounge

Did you txt Manju for his car?
I did, but he doesn't have jumper cables...
Well a we can try our current cables to see if they work b go to John's and return the charger and borrow cables or c get new ones from Walmart.

Either way we need the car running today or early tmr

Actually we don't need the car but we definitely need a Hyvee run
Yes... I'll give Carol a call
We kinda do need the car, coz I doubt Spain Idiot's gonna walk to and from her apt. We can get Manju to pick her up, but we all rmb last time when manju caught wind of a Fuckers Gathering
No, I'm gonna call them to get us jump started and then also get the charging cable for battery starter

She didn't pick the call, I'll try again in a bit

Is she even gonna come around

When are you gonna get home??
An hour ago
Are you going to be home till evening?

Jon may come over sometime between now and then
Cool

Jon came over

Jump started the battery. I'm letting the engine run for a few minutes
I'm in my way home now

But yes that's the thing to do

Where you at??
Pasta aisle

If you rate how organized our apt as a 10

J's apt would be a soft 2
I swear I would never have thought that

Sai manju and a few others are here... 121 e street... There's also cancer, so I wouldn't suggest coming over

Not that you're not having a good time anyways...

Are you from Hanoi or from the hcmc area?
Hanoi
There's bread and eggs for you on the table
Thanks I was alr in the lab tho
Oh... I heard you coughing and saw the light on in your room, so I thought you were taking a day off

Cheapest one I found... Also Walmart has battery testing services as well

I'm going to be on Poleksic's class till maybe about 445
Heh. Should be fun
Poleksic started his class by telling a kid, sorry but if you miss class again, you might as well drop it Classic poleksic

I don't think we're going battery shopping today
Yeah that's ok

If you have office hours you should have that printed out somewhere

Miss class  gg
You going to CC
No grab some pizza
I was gonna ask you to do that...
I'm still helping a student in Data Structures
I got home as soon as I sent that

She's going to mepo this weekend There's BBQ chicken on the counter, I forgot to cover it... I won't be back until atleast 9

Did you get home, if yes, is the chicken fine?
Where the fuck is the goddamn laundry keycard?
No idea... Couldn't find it either

Laundry card is on the table, it was under all the papers on the table
Unless you're global elite you should shut the fuck up
Well I'm sorry that I woke you up

Are you having issues with the internet in the apartment, specifically your laptop. Imma probs call Mediacom later tonight
fuck yes
