Why what's the occasion
Some talk from my company
Depends if I don't fall asleep in the next hour
Alright lemme know

I'll be at your place at like 6 with good
4 year ago me got this shit figured out 
hahahaha

So much for that
also

if you have time search for The Pineapple Incident

that's the plan or hopefully not for next Friday 
Can I get your Netflix account?

Not right now, but later
yeah

remind me when you need it
Probably tomorrow when I remember that you asked me to check this video out

You can go poke hunting tonight without me. went on a 12 mile bike ride.

Send me a message when you're gaming and I'll join
Lol k. Prolly 9 ish

Yeah I'm done
Lol okay

Anything good?
Nah I spent most of the time camping gyms
Of course

I was waiting to see who'd do this before you guys left the apartment
There goes my daily PoGo farm for the...

tmr
hahahaha

A shit didn't think about that

I was really planning on coming over tonight.then this rain happened.

Give me a heads up of you're still planning on goint
Rain not gonna last

I was actually gonna ask u for grocery booze shopping tonite

But we can do that tmr

In place of the Treasure Hunt
Yeah sure we can get stuff
Or whatever they are calling
Lol good plan

We can go treasure hunting for food
ok
Do you want to come with me and Jon for a movie at 5?
I'll pass. Next week maybe.
Vokay boss
Ffs

Why the fuck why
Why she cut her hair?
Why all of em did
Who is all of them

What did they do

What is happening
face palm

Let me rephrase

Why do girls cut their hair and effectively downgrade themselves from a 8 to a 5?
That I do not know

And I actually have strong feelings against it

But she ain't mine, so I can't do anything.

But you're potential ones both have short hair now
Even if she were yours

Yeah

Fuck shit fuck
If she was mine there would be a very long conversation happening
Obligatory
Well shit Duc, what's happening to your potential love lives. there going down from an 8 to 5

Not argument there
On a brighter note, Humble Bundle's offering $15 for Sid Meier's Civilization V	30NBA 2K16	60Mafia II: Digital Deluxe	40Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel	40andBattleborn	60	released May 3
Well I'm quite literally bankrupt after paying off my medical bills, and I still have more Coming

Message me when you're playing CS
Now actually

PoGo l8r More lures
Okay I'll join in like 10 15 mins. reduce the damn TV volume

Oh.

Interesting

New video out by soviet
Damn.I just called Hillside and they said I could move in Monday. If only I could move in tmr we could have had the entire apt for the party

What time do you usually go to work?
Well damn

Why?
Nah scrap that

We could move in after you're done with work

I was thinking if I move in tmr I could ride with you to Waverly, drive back, spend the day move as much stuffs as I can and we can move the rest when I pick you up in the afternoon

But that plan fell thru it seems
Well we can do that, I don't care. why did it fall through?
I can't move in tmr yet

Monday
Oh yeah... duh

Well alright, time to start getting your shit packed up

Did you get the keys and what not?

Also do we want to join A and Bre for the movie at seven
I'm thinking

Considering
Well if not we can go to the later one or Waterloo theatre

Let's do 7 at Waterloo, they have it playing in the dream lounge chairs

Well now that I think of it, we can do the drop me, move stuff and pick me up plan on Monday.

Movie at 7, I'll come at 620
Cool

I'm tidying up the room a bit

if you have 1 in quarters that'd be great
Well you started early

Yeah there's some in the car and I have a box of coins in my room, I'll stop by quick and get it
it's too fucking hot

I took the afternoon off
I'm in the room just casually sitting and not creeping on you.hopefully you don't have a heart attack when you wake up

I think alcohol keeps me up... it's like my caffeine

And for some reason, I have body pains
I woke up at 10, made some pasta so I'd have some food in my stomach, then conked out until now
If you'd still like to start shifting, I can come on my lunch break and move a load to the house and you can drop me off and do the same. And then in the evening, me and Jon can get the van and a trailer to start moving the couch, the bed and tables and all.
I just called them and they wont be ready for me until 2

so I'll get the keys and we can start moving after you get done with work
Alrighty
I need the Reese's address
2318 Greenwood Avenue.

Why?
Nvm

Scrap that i don't need it anymore
Well it's there if you need it, just let me know if you're going to be using it so I can let them know

I'll be home in the next 30 mins. text me when your ready and I'll see when Jon is ready
Can you come to ROTH?

Fuckers gave me a key that doesn't work

Im going back there
Yep

I'll be there in like 25 30 mins
The new key works

117 F street
Be there in 3 mins
So basically just grab anything you can. The tv box is in the supply closet next to the bathroom. The bean bag chair and the computer desk is good to go.
Yes boss
Rdy when u r
Just took my shower... I'll head over soon
Take your time
On my way
Roughly when shld I start driving to pick u up?
I'm going to say like 345 4
It's. So. Fucking. Hot.
Make sure the AC works please
I might just take a nap

Goddamn

All's left at HV are uncategorized shit
And wake up in time, RIGHT?

Wasn't that all that was left even yesterday

Oh your clothes and all were there

I remember I remember

Okay I'm done.I'm not getting anything more done. you might as well start your journey to come pick me up

Please tell me that you're not dead asleep!
Eh

I thought u said 4

So I set the alarm to 4

I'm coming 
I'M. DYING. IN. ALL. THIS. UNPRODUCTIVITY. AND. SLEEPINESS
Im at that roundabout

North entrance
Coming
We have Internet

We had a shitty splitter and cable so we got virtually no signal
hahahaha

Im remembering when you said, this cable looks so good
Well i was right

That's why the tv works

Not the router

We used a shitty black cable for the router
Alright alright

hahahaha

Oh okay
notracist
I thought it was the other way round

Round 1 goes to the white

NotRacisitAsWell
Bad news is we can't change the wifi ssid or password

Doing so requires subscriber info
Why not?
Which i believe is DoR
Oh... I guess that kinda makes sense then

Im still trying to get over black and white and interracial jokes right now
I'm glad we didn't discuss this in public

might get shot
hahahaha
alilracist
I don't think you're wrong there

Or just keep Russel around for a body shield when bullets start flying and then mourn for his loss and then make a joke about how we don't have to keep seeing him and then the other goes, too soon dude, too soon
I'm not so sure abt that

he's alr haunting UNI rn
hahahaha

So there's no getting away from him eh
why do you think we shld graduate asap 

well, to get jobs n shit

but also Russel 
Motivation to get a job is moving away from Russell
very true

did you talk to Jon abt the vacuum and the tv stand?
I talked to him about the TV stand. he said he doesn't know what he's upto in the evening, but if he's free he can come. I showed him a picture and he thinks we can fit that in the car
Ivy?
I'll send a message to Carol about the vacuum

Yep
ok

our afternoon is kinda packed

1. Grab the rest of the stuff from HV and vacuum  clean 2. Drop me off back at Hillside to give A her stuffs. Grab the tv stand4. Walmart
Alright then. I'll get off as soon as possible. Workday is pretty packed as well.I've got 3 meetings for the day left and update report on my current project
yeah I'll leave you to it
Someone fucked up while putting my application in Production so I have to find a way to correct it whatever the fault is

So I'm thinking right now it may be a lil after 4

But we'll see
yup

A said she'll come at 5 530

we'll see
Alrighty
last thing

According to our records, the contract that you signed had the wrong date. Instead of signing a 2017 contract, we had you sign a 2015 contract. The first pages of the contract state that it is a 2016 2017 contract, however the last two page where you signed state that the contract ends May 31 2015.

just got an email from Hillside

goes well with the why are people around me always fuck up theme we're having today
I don't know if I'm laughing cause I find this funny or because no one can do the o e job that they are supposed to do

You're on your own with A, I'm getting off work a lil late, just got a new project and need to sit and discuss

I'll get the vacuum cleaner and come

Bryant has a meeting set up for which I'm attending apparently it at 515 PM So on my way I'll drop off the vacuum and then go there.After that I'll give Jon a call and he'll get the van and come over there and pick up the desk and then drop off at Hillside and then get that there and we can go to Walmart
Cool

So ive gathered all of my stuffs

But i can't get the vacuum cleaner

To work

Also

Apparently they dont want the tv stabd that we have rn

So.

Found it
I got the shower stuff. Where you at
The tvs
Sleep is hitting me like a damn wrecking ball trying to take me down
Yup

Am wandering around campus while waiting for hv office to open
Needless to say, you're playing PGO eh
I'd be a zombie if i am not

There is a guy named Oldguy919 driving a golf carts all around campus taking gyms 

He is, in fact, old

Checked out from HV

Manager's words when I mentioned the missing keys

dont worry honey ya good
Everyone should try to aim to be him

Well that's good news for you

Did she say, who lost the key?
Idk

I turned in my key then so that's prolly why

Goddamn it

Wtf was Kristi doing at ITC

She went He's alive!

Which ofc means you'll be dead soon
Bwahahahahahha. Yeah she did that to me too. I played it cool and talked my way out of getting any work from her
Me too

I swiftly diverted to asking her abt Jorge
hahahaha

I feel like that's the safest option of getting oyt
ahaha

the microwave's MC's 

i know for a fact he didn't buy it

lol he just fb msg'd me

if you have my microwave pls bring it to his new address

worst case scenario we have to look for a different microwave and this one goes to the dumpster 
Or we can hide it in our backyard if he comes looking and he'll be gone and we'll still have it

And I may have found a bed
just the frame or with mattress?
With the mattress
how much?
0
lol

gitit

we prolly need Jon. again tho

damn
Yep

We're outside
My mom wanted to go on a lil vacation when im back

And insists on inviting H

running
And these best mom of the year that just made her son cringe so hard that he might have puked on the inside goes to.
somehow she still believes that H and I can work things out.

I briefly considered telling her I alr had a new gf.
You should tell her that you've moved on from that alphabet and onto the next one

Nope.you don't, you have a potential one
there is no J in the VNese alphabet.
Well whatever sounds like J the h

Use GI
holy shit

GHIJ
Didn't see that coming

Well there goes my theory on skipping letters for you
there is still a K between J and L
You can take mine
nope no thank you

absolute savage
And they say one man can't start a war
I think I should volunteer for at least a few of those...

start work day a lil later...

also Sasha is an RA?
Yep

Bender Hall
she gon die.

esp when it's Bender
Just keep your phone display always on and then keep it in your pocket and do the tour. Prolly can hatch them eggs
lmao 
She gonna find out
Hold on ppl there's a Lapras nearby I gotta catch this brb.
Hell Yeah
I swear if I get a group of all hs kids playing PoGo.

Or I could be like I will take anyone here from Team Valor

we gon conquer this bitch
Both team Red and Yellow walk towards you
Now that I think about it

that could be our latest UNI selling point

in a 10 minute walk you have 4 gyms and 20 pokestops

you cant have that shit at ISU
hahahaha

But will it be a 10 min walk then?
if you dont catch anything in between yeah

otherwise more like 15
We're going to be losing a lot of kids on tours starting this semester

They just wander off cause they find a spearow
potentially

On your right we have McCollum Science Hall, we have a polar bear and two alligators. Yeah yeah yeah can we reach those pokestops from our class?
True that
Sm fcker alr taking our Lang gym 
Well that was fast
So i was walking around when this random faculty guy asked me Do you need help finding anything?

I almost went yeah, this bulbasaur has been on my radar since forver

Then I realized that might not be what he meant by "find something"
Him Can I help you find something You This Bulbasaur Him Right this way takes you to Bulbasaur's location UNI Feedback The staff and faculty are very kind and helpful, they go out of their way to help the students find what they need to be successful

So I can't find the app. I haven't searched a lot, but since you already have it, just send me the API if you still have it or tell me the name of the file or give me it's location
I'm so glad I didn't sign up for tour today
That boring eh
that hot
Lol
at least yesterday was cloudy and cool
It's going to be hot in Thursday too

Just checked

Friday will be cooler

Also it might rain on Thursday
I have half a mind to make some excuses for tmr
Going out of town?
I have a doctor appointment for color blindness

Totally legit
That's a thing right
It can be if I want it to be 
Idk what I prefer

Tour group that doesn't talk

Or tour group that asks too much my throat's drying up from answering

The latter, obviously
hahahaha

That's my kinda group
One of the dads was poGoing the whole way

Look at all these PokeStops

Then his wife hit him
PoGo dad for the win

hahahaha

Typical
It's too fucking hot tho

This polo does not breath. At all

I might just go home after lunch
Lol. that hot huh

And today is the coolest day of the week
Probably, but with mouth drying up and me trapped ib this Hazmat suit I feel

Its like a desert
hahahaha

Hazmat suit, I'm going to remember that one
Holy shit

There's Pokemon on Netflix?
You didn't know?

We can watch it together if you'd like

I already watched all of it, but I don't mind watching it again

I'll probs be singing the song and everything.become the small kid that I am
fuckin hell

I still have all those Star Trek to watch.
The old ones?
as much as I can, probably
I'll wait patiently
storm's coming

looks like alien invasion from the apt
That's the kind of weather you make some hot chocolate, and sit back and watch TV

At least for me

Storms a brewing

I just remembered, Suicide Squad releases today
Lol

Perfect weather eh
I sware, I love this weather. I'm casually sitting out and enjoying the weather. They have other guests and all of them are talking

ImNotAntiSocial
Yeah well as long as you're not stuck in the rain i think everyone can enjoy thia
Yep

Say what do you think about movie later in the night

I checked the timings

They have late night shows as well
Sure

Im still at the laundry facility
hahahaha
Waited half an hour for some fuckers to show up taking clothes out of washer
Are you stuck
What do you think smart ass

Its fine tho

Watching dota

Praise ITS for installing 2 computers here
We're going to have dinner in a bit, but if you get super bored, message me. I can head over
Yup

what time is the movie?
There ones that start at 9 acts go on
not gonna lie,  I just finished dinner, so fucking full, and might pass out any minute now
Also before 9:20

All time low

I can hear your message pings. That's how quiet your room is

I don't feel too good, you can go without me
ok.

you're ok tho?
Yeah, I'll wake up again in like an hour
kk

get sm more sleep

I still have all 5 gyms
Now you're just making me feel bad
U could drive by n grab sm of them

Every one but the Campanile

Lang gym is full
Took 3 of them with drive bys
I saw a Dratini the 1x evolved one over at the Dome earlier. Drove 3 laps all around the parking lots. Nothing.

Then I saw a Pikachu on the way to WRC just now.

Tour's starting in 10. Im legit depressed rn